RMTEAM-675 Prepare static & dynamic dependencies as nuget packages fo… (#1)
re-motion/ThirdPartyDependencies: JQuery.Autocomplete/NOTICE.txt

re-motion Framework
www.re-motion.org
Copyright (c) rubicon IT GmbH, www.rubicon.eu

This software embeds code from "Autocomplete - jQuery plugin 1.1pre".

Copyright (c) 2007 Dylan Verheul, Dan G. Switzer, Anjesh Tuladhar, Jörn Zaefferer
Embedded Revision: jquery.autocomplete.js 5785 2008-07-12 10:37:33Z joern.zaefferer
Original software available from "http://jquery-plugins.bassistance.de/autocomplete" or "https://github.com/agarzola/jQueryAutocompletePlugin".

> The software was originally hosted on "http://jquery-plugins.bassistance.de/autocomplete/", now archived on "https://github.com/agarzola/jQueryAutocompletePlugin"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Original software available from "http://jquery-plugins.bassistance.de/autocomplete", now archived on "https://github.com/agarzola/jQueryAutocompletePlugin"
Relevant code (Remotion/ObjectBinding/Web/Res/HTML/Standard/jquery.autocomplete.js in commit "bdec722b56af3f5e32675e35db4ccfeed30cdd08" from 2009-07-13) contains a copy of "https://github.com/re-motion/jQueryAutocompletePlugin/commit/cd2fb68e945aa05cc14fbd1c47d6aa39effc248c"
and forked as
https://github.com/re-motion/jQueryAutocompletePlugin
```
